README.md, before:

# Surge Coding Standards

An automated system that scrapes Drupal developer documentation, tracks changes, and generates an `Agents.md` file using AI assistance, with GitHub Pages integration for a custom documentation site.

## 🎯 Project Goals

- Automatically scrape and track Drupal coding standards documentation
- Generate structured sitemap with change tracking
- Create markdown files for documentation pages
- Use AI to generate comprehensive `Agents.md` file
- Deploy results to GitHub Pages

## 🚀 Features

- **Automated Scraping**: Daily sitemap generation using Playwright
- **Change Detection**: Smart content updating based on timestamps
- **AI Integration**: ChatGPT-powered documentation generation
- **GitHub Actions**: Fully automated CI/CD pipeline
- **GitHub Pages**: Beautiful static site deployment

## 📁 Project Structure

```
/
├── .github/workflows/     # GitHub Actions workflows
├── data/                  # Scraped data and sitemap
│   ├── sitemap.json      # Generated sitemap
│   └── pages/            # Individual markdown files
├── scripts/              # Automation scripts
│   ├── sitemap-scraper.js
│   ├── content-scraper.js
│   └── agents-generator.js
├── docs/                 # Generated documentation
│   └── Agents.md
└── package.json          # Dependencies
```

## 🔧 Setup

1. **Install dependencies**:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Configure GitHub secrets**:
   - `GITHUB_TOKEN`: PAT token for repository access
   - `OPENAI_API_KEY`: OpenAI API key for ChatGPT integration

3. **Run locally**:
   ```bash
   # Generate sitemap
   npm run sitemap
   
   # Update content
   npm run content
   
   # Generate Agents.md
   npm run agents
   ```

## 🤖 Automation

The system runs automatically via GitHub Actions:

1. **Daily Sitemap Generation** (2 AM UTC)
2. **Content Updates** (triggered by sitemap changes)
3. **AI Documentation Generation** (triggered by content changes)

## 📊 Status

- [x] Repository setup
- [x] GitHub Actions workflows
- [x] Scraping scripts
- [x] AI integration
- [ ] Initial data generation
- [ ] GitHub Pages deployment

## 🔗 Links

- [Project Plan](./PROJECT_PLAN.md)
- [Generated Documentation](./docs/Agents.md)
- [Drupal Official Docs](https://www.drupal.org/docs/develop/standards)

## 📝 License

MIT License - see LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Updated look and feel, and explain Drupal Surge a bit better

README.md, after:

# Surge Coding Standards

An automated system that scrapes Drupal developer documentation, tracks changes, and generates an `Agents.md` file using AI assistance, with GitHub Pages integration for a custom documentation site.

> Part of the [Drupal Surge](https://www.drupal.org/project/surge) ecosystem - giving AI tools a sense of Drupal.

## 🎯 Project Goals

- Automatically scrape and track Drupal coding standards documentation
- Generate structured sitemap with change tracking
- Create markdown files for documentation pages
- Use AI to generate comprehensive `Agents.md` file
- Deploy results to GitHub Pages

## 🚀 Features

- **Automated Scraping**: Daily sitemap generation using Playwright
- **Change Detection**: Smart content updating based on timestamps
- **AI Integration**: ChatGPT-powered documentation generation
- **GitHub Actions**: Fully automated CI/CD pipeline
- **GitHub Pages**: Beautiful static site deployment

## 📁 Project Structure

```
/
├── .github/workflows/     # GitHub Actions workflows
├── data/                  # Scraped data and sitemap
│   ├── sitemap.json      # Generated sitemap
│   └── pages/            # Individual markdown files
├── scripts/              # Automation scripts
│   ├── sitemap-scraper.js
│   ├── content-scraper.js
│   └── agents-generator.js
├── docs/                 # Generated documentation
│   └── Agents.md
└── package.json          # Dependencies
```

## 🔧 Setup

1. **Install dependencies**:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Configure GitHub secrets**:
   - `GITHUB_TOKEN`: PAT token for repository access
   - `OPENAI_API_KEY`: OpenAI API key for ChatGPT integration

3. **Run locally**:
   ```bash
   # Generate sitemap
   npm run sitemap
   
   # Update content
   npm run content
   
   # Generate Agents.md
   npm run agents
   ```

## 🤖 Automation

The system runs automatically via GitHub Actions:

1. **Daily Sitemap Generation** (2 AM UTC)
2. **Content Updates** (triggered by sitemap changes)
3. **AI Documentation Generation** (triggered by content changes)

## 📊 Status

- [x] Repository setup
- [x] GitHub Actions workflows
- [x] Scraping scripts
- [x] AI integration
- [ ] Initial data generation
- [ ] GitHub Pages deployment

## 🤖 Drupal Surge Integration

This project is part of the [Drupal Surge](https://www.drupal.org/project/surge) ecosystem, which aims to give AI tools a sense of Drupal and ensure diverse setups shape the context needed to guide AI to write for, and work with Drupal.

### AGENTS.md Standard

The generated `Agents.md` file follows the emerging AGENTS.md standard used by 20k+ open-source projects and works with modern AI-powered development tools including:

- **Cursor** - Modern AI-powered code editor
- **Claude** - Anthropic's AI assistant  
- **Codex** - OpenAI's code generation model
- **Amp, Jules, Factory, RooCode** - And 10+ other modern agents

### How It Works

1. **Automated Scraping**: Daily extraction of Drupal coding standards
2. **AI Processing**: ChatGPT generates comprehensive Agents.md file
3. **IDE Integration**: Works seamlessly with AI-powered development tools
4. **Community Guidelines**: Automatically merges project-specific guidelines

## 🔗 Links

- [Project Plan](./PROJECT_PLAN.md)
- [Generated Documentation](./docs/Agents.md)
- [Drupal Surge Project](https://www.drupal.org/project/surge)
- [Drupal Official Docs](https://www.drupal.org/docs/develop/standards)

## 📝 License

MIT License - see LICENSE file for details.
