- Prefix variables that point to jQuery objects with a dollar sign ($). This helps to understand which variables are jQuery objects and which are not.
- Avoid compatibility issues by keeping up to date with syntax best-practices. This will help to avoid conflicts with updated versions of jQuery.
- Use chaining selectors either by CSS method $(' a b > c') or JavaScript chaining $('a').find('b').children('c'). The second method is slightly faster. Reduce the weight of selector if possible. If .children() and .find() return the same results, use .find() method.
- Utilize event delegation. Every event in JavaScript “bubbles” up the DOM tree to parent elements. Instead of binding an event listener function to all of them, bind it once to their parent. Do not misuse `return false;` to prevent the default behavior of an event as it also prevents the "bubbling" propagation of the event.
- Separate your functions into individual functions and call them when needed.
- Always try to give your selectors a context. The default context will search the entire page's DOM. If the context is a cached selection, use find().
- Finding elements by the tag ID is faster than by class name. If your target element appears on the page only once, select it by #id. If you have more than one, use class but descend from an #id.
- For D6 and D7, use booleans to set a property in jQuery.attr(), not an empty string. Do not assume that property values that are returned are always booleans. `.attr('checked')` could return either `true` or `'checked'` depending on jQuery version and markup.
- Use native JavaScript `for` loops instead of jQuery.each() when needing to iterate over simple native JavaScript arrays or objects. Native JavaScript `for` loops are faster than jQuery.each().